more than 3000 Iowa men and women are
making the ultimate sacrifice serving a
year-long deployment in Afghanistan
sometimes the most difficult part of
their deployment is knowing what they're
missing back home but for others that's
what gets them through their time away
people say it's hard to concentrate on
home life and that doesn't get you Tara
but for me it's easier to concentrate on
family know they're gonna be there when
I when I get home specialist Josh
Vondrak made it home to his family in
Sioux City just in time you can see why
hours after he arrived home for his
two-week leave his wife Haley went into
labor delivering their little son Landon
fan Drake says it's been hard to miss
out on his wife's pregnancy but he
couldn't have been happier about his
son's perfect timing it is going to be
hard to go back to Afghanistan but he
says making a difference is worth it as
a whole the people are really happy to
have us there they know that we're doing
a good thing and trying to help them the
best that we can
Vondrak will wrap up his deployment in
August
another soldier from southwest Iowa is
still in Afghanistan he had a proud
moment last week US Army captain James
Abrams seen on the right side of this
picture stands proud as Afghan national
civil order policemen display their
certificates during a graduation
ceremony last week
captain Abrams helped coordinate the
training for the Afghan security forces
in Peck province the classes consist of
five days of hands-on classes to provide
basic understanding of IEDs and what to
do if one is found Quad Cities soldiers
and civilians in Iraq are counting down
the days until the drawdown is complete
and they can come home Chris Williams
from our sister station in the Quad
Cities recently visited Iowa troops in
Iraq and brought some surprises with him
I got a present here for you your
brother and sister-in-law said that you
might like those it's a small world
awesome I appreciate that thank you
homemade oyster crackers for Kewanee
native captain Chad Forsythe
hit the spot in Baghdad in return he
asked us to deliver this message to his
family back home well thank you very
much I love you guys this is an awesome
gift thank you
Super Bowl night we have to chop her to
block and delivered a gift from a dear
friend of
dr. cindy charnival Eclair wanted us to
find a deserving Steelers fan and give
them her beloved Rocky Bleier
autographed Terrible Towel that's that's
pretty special I love it major Dan
Donahue was a perfect match he grew up
near Cindy's hometown and the Purple
Heart recipient flyer was one of his
favorite players the gift came with a
picture of Cindy standing with the
football grade and a sincere thank you
letter the Tao means a lot to me but my
freedom means more and it's just very
small token of my family's appreciation
for what you do how surprised are you a
very surprised shocked I can't wait to
call and tell my family about this great
great memory it'll be a great memory for
Cindy in all of those quad Citians who
helped us deliver surprises we thank you
for letting us be a part of your mission
to share a little joy to our men and
women serving halfway around that